1. What is webpack? What is babel?
Ans: Webpack is a transpiling package, it helps us bundle our files into one package. Babel is the package that helps the browser understand JSX.
    It translates JSX into normal javascript code.

2. What is a loader? Give three examples of different kinds of loaders.
Ans: Loaders are transformations applied to source code, they allow you pre-process files to be imported. They can also be used to transform files 
    from different languages to javascript. Examples are: HeadJS, RequireJS, and LabJs.

3. What is the difference between path and publicPath when used as keys in the output object?
Ans: Path: This is the location where the js build bundle will be saved.
    Publicpath: This is the location where public images as well as css will be saved.

4. What is a babel preset?
Ans: In Babel, a preset is a set of plugins used to support particular language features.

5. What does test:/\.jsx?$/ mean inside of webpack.config.js?
Ans: This is a regex statement that matches files that end with .js OR .jsx

6. What is the webpack-dev-server?
Ans: The webpack-dev-server is a tool that watches for changes in our files and starts a development server for us.

7. Research tree shaking and code splitting. What are these two things and how do they help reduce bundle sizes?
Ans: Tree shaking is the common term used by javascript when eliminating dead code. Code splitting is the splitting of code into 
    various bundles or components which can then be loaded on demand or in parallel. They both help in rewducing bundle sizes.

8. What does the default keyword do when exporting?
Ans: export default is used to export a single class, function or primitive. It predetermines the piece of code to be sent, when the import statement 
    is made to that particular file.

9. What is object destructuring?
Ans: The object destructuring is a useful JavaScript feature to extract properties from objects and bind them to variables. 
    It can extract multiple properties in one statement, can access properties from nested objects, and can set a default 
    value if the property doesn't exist.

10. How can you enable your webpack.config.js to do certain things in production versus development?
Ans: By setting the buildConfig to either development or production.